hey guys welcome back to a complicated
Melanie so this video is going to be a
vita jerk on how you can get the perfect
matte red lip which is perfect for fall
and I know you're gonna want to know how
do I keep my rat red lip lasting all
night long so let's get started so don't
have anything on my lips now but one
thing that you definitely want to do if
you're going to do especially a matte
red lip is to make sure that you
exfoliate your lips you can do that with
a sugar scrub you can do that with your
toothbrush there are many of ways you
can get your lips to be nice and smooth
but you definitely want to do that
because the mat gran lip can show when
you have cracks and chaps so definitely
exfoliate your lips now the second thing
is make sure that you bring your
foundation down all the ways to lip line
a lot of times and we do this anyway but
just in case if you don't have if you're
using foundation you want to make sure
that you go ahead and pull that
foundation all the way down to the lip
line so the next step is going to be to
conceal your legs and I'm going to use
my Mary Kay concealer and this is just
going to kind of take away some of that
pink mist that's underneath so that the
red is going to show through so just
going to give you like a blank campus
free lips so I'm just going to take a
little bit not a whole lot just a little
so ghetto definitely around the lip line
to make sure that we conceal any
imperfections
the next thing that you're going to want
to do is use a lip liner now this lip
liner is hot red by NYX it's a great red
lip liner
now what you'll notice is I filled in
pretty much the entire lip this is
almost like a primer for your lips to
give it just a little something extra to
stick to and give you a nice full opaque
color the next step is to apply your
lipstick now this lipstick is really
read by revlon and it's just a matte red
they're matte colors are really good
they're not too drying and so this color
is really red perfect rack so we're just
going to apply this on your lips
so we have our red lip but here's the
real trick how do we keep it on we're
going to blot our lips with a little
translucent powder now i use the high
definition from make up forever but you
can use any translucent powder that you
have so i'm going to take a little bit
of it on my finger I'm just going to
block my lips and don't worry I know
it's a wide it's kind of looking a
little funny but it's translucent so it
will fade away
now I know I look a little crazy with a
loop you know with the powder all over
my face but you definitely want to get
around the lip line as well because this
will help your lipstick from bleeding
so you can take your powder brush and
kind of brush away whatever is left
around your lips you have your matte red
lip now one last trick if you want to
make sure that your lipstick stays on
your lips and not your teeth are you
just take your finger take whatever or
on the rim because that's kind of how it
gets on your on your teeth so there you
go that's how you get the perfect matte
red lip and as you can see nothing there
it's not going anywhere and so you don't
need makeup forever is high-definition
powder any translucent powder will do
and so it's just a great trick to help
keep your lipstick on and I look forward
to seeing you guys with your matte red
lips this fall if you have any other
questions comments or concerns you know
how to reach me yeah see you guys next
time
you